Create ui-c8y-1022-45-0-dashboard-manager-in-dm.md (#3836)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/device-management/ui-c8y-1022-45-0-dashboard-manager-in-dm.md

---
date: ""

> title: Dashboard manager available for preview in Device management

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Dashboard manager available for preview in the Device Management application
```

product_area: Device management & connectivity
change_type:
  - value: change-pXAlHAWka
    label: Preview
component:
  - value: component--KIsStyzM
    label: Device Management app
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: DM-4941
version: 1022.45.0
---

> **Dashboard manager** as known from the **Cockpit** application is now available for preview in **Device management**. The **Dashboard manager** brings more flexibility, consistency, and control over device dashboards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The dashboard manager, which has already been available in the Cockpit application, is now also available for preview in the Device Management application. The dashboard manager brings more flexibility, consistency, and control over device dashboards.
```

---
date: ""

> title: Dashboard manager in DM

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Dashboard manager available for preview in Device management
```

product_area: Device management & connectivity
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP

>     label: Feature

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
change_type:
  - value: change-pXAlHAWka
    label: Preview
```

component:
  - value: component--KIsStyzM
    label: Device Management app
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: DM-4941
version: 1022.45.0
---
Co-authored-by: Dafina Karamanoleva <92030501+dafkk@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: bozhidardedov <bozhidar.dedov@cumulocity.com>

> Co-authored-by: Bozhidar Dedov <95280800+bozhidardedov@users.noreply.github.com>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Dashboard manager** as known from the **Cockpit** application is now available for preview in **Device management**. The **Dashboard manager** brings more flexibility, consistency, and control over device dashboards.
```
